---
title: Syswin Limited, C.A.
publishDate: 2019-10-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/stock-4.jpg
img_alt: Soft pink and baby blue water ripples together in a subtle texture.
description: |
  CEO and Founder at Syswin Limited, C.A. (Aug 2004 - Nov 2022)
tags:
  - Design
  - Branding
  - CEO
  - DevOps
---

> 👋 CEO and Founder at Syswin Limited, C.A. (Aug 2004 - Nov 2019)

During my 18-year tenure as the founder and CEO of Syswin Limited, C.A. in Venezuela, I played a multitude of roles, including that of a full-stack developer and team leader. My journey was marked by a blend of technical mastery and strategic leadership, steering the company through various technological evolutions and project milestones.

#### 🚀 Key Responsibilities and Projects

##### Web Backend Development
- **Technologies**: Python, Django Rest API Framework, PostgreSQL, PL/SQL Oracle
- **Achievements**: Developed backend solutions for state-level enterprises, showcasing deep expertise in database and server management.

##### Frontend Development
- **Technologies**: Node JS, React, Nextapp, Chakra-ui, Typescript, Javascript, AWS
- **Projects**: Led the creation of complex frontend applications, ensuring optimal user experience and system efficiency.

##### Corporate Website Design and Development
- **Tools**: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery Mobile
- **Outcome**: Successfully designed and launched the company’s website, highlighting our technical capabilities and service offerings.

##### PHP Scripting and API Integration
- **Scope**: PHP, MySQL, AWS DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, HasOffers API
- **Contributions**: Optimized various scripts and integrated multiple APIs, enhancing system functionalities and user interactions.

##### Java Desktop and Web Applications
- **Technologies**: JApplet, MySQL, Excel File Handling (POI Library)
- **Multilingual Support**: Developed multi-language support, file import/export functionalities, demonstrating versatility in application development.

##### Server Management
- **Environment**: Ubuntu Servers
- **Responsibilities**: Managed phpMyAdmin, user permissions, and PHP configurations, ensuring robust and secure server operations.

##### Datqbox Administrativo Project
- **Platform**: .NET, SQL Server
- **Role**: Lead Developer and Project Manager
- **Highlights**: Developed a proprietary software for administrative processes, inventory, billing, accounting, and payroll management.

##### Python and Django Web Application Development
- **Technologies**: Python, Django Rest Framework, PostgreSQL
- **Focus**: Delivered high-quality web solutions, catering to diverse client needs and enhancing business operations.

#### 💼 Skills and Leadership
- **Databases & Full Stack Development**: Proficient in handling both frontend and backend development, with a focus on React.js and database management.
- **Adaptability & Team Management**: Demonstrated adaptability in a constantly evolving tech environment, along with strong leadership in managing and guiding diverse teams.
- **System Administration & Business Management**: Excelled in system administration, server management, and the overall administrative and business management of the company.

#### 🌟 Career Highlights and Growth
As the CEO and Founder of Syswin Limited, C.A., my role was integral in shaping the company’s direction, culture, and technological advancements. This period was a testament to my ability to adapt to changing technologies, lead a diverse team, and deliver innovative solutions that propelled the company and our clients towards success.
